#!/bin/bash
rmdir methodology/ms/fin/fdepth/credit
rmdir methodology/ms/fin/fdepth/dposit
rmdir methodology/ms/neq/ishrat/bfifty
rmdir methodology/ms/neq/ishrat/topten
rmdir methodology/ms/wwb/senior/povnrt
rmdir methodology/ms/wwb/senior/yrsrtm
rmdir methodology/ms/wwb/senior/yrsrtw
rmdir methodology/pg/glb/foraid/gdpmkt
rmdir methodology/pg/glb/foraid/populn
rmdir methodology/pg/glb/foraid/tonrec
rmdir methodology/pg/glb/foraid/totdon
rmdir methodology/pg/glb/rdfund/edurdp
rmdir methodology/pg/glb/rdfund/gvtrdp
rmdir methodology/pg/glb/rdfund/nrsrch
rmdir methodology/pg/inf/aqelec/avelec
rmdir methodology/pg/inf/aqelec/quelec
rmdir methodology/pg/inf/intrnt/avintr
rmdir methodology/pg/inf/intrnt/quintr
rmdir methodology/pg/inf/trnetw/railnt
rmdir methodology/pg/inf/trnetw/roadnt
rmdir methodology/pg/rts/gendeq/wmfnmn
rmdir methodology/pg/rts/gendeq/wmmarr
rmdir methodology/pg/rts/gendeq/wmmobl
rmdir methodology/pg/rts/gendeq/wmplmt
rmdir methodology/pg/saf/prison/populn
rmdir methodology/pg/saf/prison/pripop
rmdir methodology/sus/eco/biodiv/frshwt
rmdir methodology/sus/eco/biodiv/marine
rmdir methodology/sus/eco/biodiv/terrst
rmdir methodology/sus/ghg/beefmk/bfcons
rmdir methodology/sus/ghg/beefmk/bfprod
rmdir methodology/sus/ghg/gtrans/populn
rmdir methodology/sus/ghg/gtrans/tco2em
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/carbon/crbnav
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/carbon/crbnlv
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/chmpol/basela
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/chmpol/montrl
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/chmpol/stkhlm
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/defrst/frstav
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/defrst/frstlv
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/watman/cwueff
rmdir methodology/sus/lnd/watman/wtstrs
rmdir methodology/sus/nrg/altnrg/biowas
rmdir methodology/sus/nrg/altnrg/fsloil
rmdir methodology/sus/nrg/altnrg/geopwr
rmdir methodology/sus/nrg/altnrg/hydrop
rmdir methodology/sus/nrg/altnrg/natgas
rmdir methodology/sus/nrg/altnrg/nclear
rmdir methodology/sus/nrg/altnrg/tlcoal
