---
DatasetType: Dataset
DatasetCode: WB_GDP_PERCAP_CURPRICE_USD
DatasetName: GDP per capita (current US$)
Description: >
    Gross domestic product is the total income earned through the production of goods and services in an economic territory during an accounting period. It can be measured in three different ways: using either the expenditure approach, the income approach, or the production approach. The core indicator has been divided by the general population to achieve a per capita estimate.This indicator is expressed in current prices, meaning no adjustment has been made to account for price changes over time. This indicator is expressed in United States dollars.
Unit: USD (Current Prices)
Source:
  OrganizationCode: WB
  QueryCode: NY.GDP.PCAP.CD
---

## Long Definition
Gross domestic product is the total income earned through the production of goods and services in an economic territory during an accounting period. It can be measured in three different ways: using either the expenditure approach, the income approach, or the production approach. The core indicator has been divided by the general population to achieve a per capita estimate.This indicator is expressed in current prices, meaning no adjustment has been made to account for price changes over time. This indicator is expressed in United States dollars.

## Source
Country official statistics, National Statistical Organizations and/or Central Banks; National Accounts data files, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ); Staff estimates, World Bank ( WB )

## Aggregation Method: Weighted average

## Development Relevance
This indicator is related to the national accounts, which are critical for understanding and managing a country's economy. They provide a framework for the analysis of economic performance. National accounts are the basis for estimating the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and Gross National Income (GNI), which are the most widely used indicator of economic performance. They are essential for government policymakers, providing the data needed to design and assess fiscal and monetary policies; and are also used by businesses and investors to assess the economic climate and make investment decisions. NAS enable comparison between economies, which is crucial for international trade, investment decisions, and economic competitiveness. More specifically, this indicator is related to national accounts aggregates. Gross Domestic Product (GDP), Gross National Income (GNI), and other aggregates provide a snapshot of the size and health of an economy by measuring the total economic activity within a country. They can thus be used by policymakers to design and implement economic policies, as they reflect the overall economic performance and can indicate the need for intervention in certain areas. Aggregates also allow for comparisons between different economies, which can be useful for trade negotiations, investment decisions, and economic benchmarking. By examining aggregates over time, economists and analysts can identify trends, cycles, and potential areas of concern within an economy, and investors can use national accounts aggregates to assess the potential risks and returns of investing in a particular country. Overall, national accounts aggregates are fundamental tools for economic analysis, policy formulation, and decision-making at both the national and international levels.
    Dataset: WDI

## Statistical Concept and Methodology
**Methodology:** National accounts are compiled in accordance with international standards: System of National Accounts, 2008 or 1993 versions. Specific information on how countries compile their national accounts can be found on the IMF website: dsbb.imf.org Per capita estimates are divided by the total population. 
**Statistical concept(s):** The conceptual elements of the SNA (System of National Accounts) measure what takes place in the economy, between which agents, and for what purpose. At the heart of the SNA is the production of goods and services. These may be used for consumption in the period to which the accounts relate or may be accumulated for use in a later period. In simple terms, the amount of value added generated by production represents GDP. The income corresponding to GDP is distributed to the various agents or groups of agents as income and it is the process of distributing and redistributing income that allows one agent to consume the goods and services produced by another agent or to acquire goods and services for later consumption. The way in which the SNA captures this pattern of economic flows is to identify the activities concerned by recognizing the institutional units in the economy and by specifying the structure of accounts capturing the transactions relevant to one stage or another of the process by which goods and services are produced and ultimately consumed.
Topic: Economic Policy & Debt: National accounts: US$ at current prices: Aggregate indicators
Unitofmeasure: current US$
All metadata

1960 - 2024

GDP per capita growth (annual %)

Download

CSVXMLEXCEL
DataBank

